contents/{{ archetype-name }}.archetype/README.md, before:

# {{ description }}

This is an [Archetect](https://archetect.github.io/) archetype.

## Archetype Layout

Archetect has flexibility in how an archetype is laid out. However, the defaults,
as used in this archetype, should cover the vast majority of cases.

### Archetype Configuration

The `~/.archetype.yaml` manifest contains configuration for this archetype,
including:

- The minimum `Archetect` version required to render this archetype (required).
- Any component Archetypes this archetype may compose (optional).
- Customized locations for the main script, content root directory, templating
  macros and layouts directory, and scripting modules directory (optional).

### Archetype Script

The `./archetype.rhai` script contains the logic for building up a context model,
usually through interactive prompting, and rendering content.

### Contents Directory

The `./contents` directory contains the files and directories, by convention,
that will be rendered into the newly generated archetype.

This directory can be referenced by a `Directory` type in Rhai, and rendered.
You may also break the contents up into sub-directories within this directory
for more complex archetypes, or archetypes that require conditional rendering.

```rhai
let context = #{};

context.first_name = "John";
context.last_name = "Doe";

// Render everything in ./contents
render(Directory("contents"), context);

// Only render ./contents/manifests
render(Directory("contents/manifests"), context);
```

Commit message:

Update README.md instructions for rendering projects

contents/{{ archetype-name }}.archetype/README.md, after:

# {{ description }}

This is an [Archetect](https://archetect.github.io/) archetype.

## Rendering

To generate content from this Archetype, copy and execute the following command:

```sh
  archetect render {% if git_repo %}{{ git_repo }}{% else %}<git repo>{% endif %}
```

## Archetype Layout

Archetect has flexibility in how an archetype is laid out. However, the defaults,
as used in this archetype, should cover the vast majority of cases.

### Archetype Configuration

The `~/.archetype.yaml` manifest contains configuration for this archetype,
including:

- The minimum `Archetect` version required to render this archetype (required).
- Any component Archetypes this archetype may compose (optional).
- Customized locations for the main script, content root directory, templating
  macros and layouts directory, and scripting modules directory (optional).

### Archetype Script

The `./archetype.rhai` script contains the logic for building up a context model,
usually through interactive prompting, and rendering content.

### Contents Directory

The `./contents` directory contains the files and directories, by convention,
that will be rendered into the newly generated archetype.

This directory can be referenced by a `Directory` type in Rhai, and rendered.
You may also break the contents up into sub-directories within this directory
for more complex archetypes, or archetypes that require conditional rendering.

```rhai
let context = #{};

context.first_name = "John";
context.last_name = "Doe";

// Render everything in ./contents
render(Directory("contents"), context);

// Only render ./contents/manifests
render(Directory("contents/manifests"), context);
```
